README.md, before:

# Python Plugin AWS EC2 Plugin

**BE CAREFUL WITH AWS CREDENTIALS**

This is a simple plugin that allows you to input your EC2 instance ID, the power action you want to do, and your AWS creds, to control the EC2 instance.

The valid actions are:
- stop
- force_stop
- start
- reboot
- terminate

Examples are in the `input` folder.

### Unit Tests

After installing the poetry dependencies, run all unit tests via:
```bash
# Run all unit tests
python -m unittest tests.test_ec2_plugin
```

### Image Building

You can change this plugin's image version tag in
`.github/workflows/carpenter.yaml` by editing the
`IMAGE_TAG` variable, and pushing that change to the
branch designated in that workflow.

# Autogenerated Input/Output Documentation by Arcaflow-Docsgen Below

<!-- Autogenerated documentation by arcaflow-docsgen -->
## Run AWs ec2 action (`aws-ec2-action`)

Runs AWS EC2 actions

### Input

<table><tbody>
<tr><th>Type:</th><td><code>scope</code></td><tr><th>Root object:</th><td>NodeActionParams</td></tr>
<tr><th>Properties</th><td><details><summary>action (<code>enum[string]</code>)</summary>
                <table><tbody><tr><th>Name:</th><td>action</td></tr><tr><th>Description:</th><td width="500">The action to execute.</td></tr><tr><th>Required:</th><td>Yes</td></tr><tr><th>Type:</th><td><code>enum[string]</code></td><tr><td colspan="2">
        <details><summary>Values</summary>
            <ul><li><strong><code>force_stop</code>:</strong> FORCE_STOP</li><li><strong><code>reboot</code>:</strong> REBOOT</li><li><strong><code>start</code>:</strong> START</li><li><strong><code>stop</code>:</strong> STOP</li><li><strong><code>terminate</code>:</strong> TERMINATE</li></ul>
        </details>
    </td>
</tr></tbody></table>
            </details><details><summary>aws_access_key_id (<code>string</code>)</summary>
                <table><tbody><tr><th>Name:</th><td>aws_access_public_key</td></tr><tr><th>Description:</th><td width="500">The AWS public key/key id.</td></tr><tr><th>Required:</th><td>Yes</td></tr><tr><th>Type:</th><td><code>string</code></td></tbody></table>
            </details><details><summary>aws_access_private_key (<code>string</code>)</summary>
                <table><tbody><tr><th>Name:</th><td>aws_access_private_key</td></tr><tr><th>Description:</th><td width="500">The AWS private/access key.</td></tr><tr><th>Required:</th><td>Yes</td></tr><tr><th>Type:</th><td><code>string</code></td></tbody></table>
            </details><details><summary>aws_region (<code>string</code>)</summary>
                <table><tbody><tr><th>Name:</th><td>aws_region</td></tr><tr><th>Description:</th><td width="500">The AWS region the instance is in.</td></tr><tr><th>Required:</th><td>Yes</td></tr><tr><th>Type:</th><td><code>string</code></td></tbody></table>
            </details><details><summary>instance_id (<code>string</code>)</summary>
                <table><tbody><tr><th>Name:</th><td>addr</td></tr><tr><th>Description:</th><td width="500">The AWS instance ID.</td></tr><tr><th>Required:</th><td>Yes</td></tr><tr><th>Type:</th><td><code>string</code></td></tbody></table>
            </details><details><summary>wait (<code>bool</code>)</summary>
                <table><tbody><tr><th>Name:</th><td>wait</td></tr><tr><th>Description:</th><td width="500">Whether to wait for it to complete its action.</td></tr><tr><th>Required:</th><td>Yes</td></tr><tr><th>Type:</th><td><code>bool</code></td></tbody></table>
            </details><details><summary>wait_timeout (<code>int</code>)</summary>
                <table><tbody><tr><th>Name:</th><td>wait_timeout</td></tr><tr><th>Description:</th><td width="500">The amount of time in seconds to spend waiting for the desired state.</td></tr><tr><th>Required:</th><td>No</td></tr><tr><th>Default (JSON encoded):</th><td><pre><code>30</code></pre></td></tr><tr><th>Type:</th><td><code>int</code></td>
</tbody></table>
            </details></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan="2"><details><summary><strong>Objects</strong></summary><details><summary>NodeActionParams (<code>object</code>)</summary>
            <table><tbody><tr><th>Type:</th><td><code>object</code></td><tr><th>Properties</th><td><details><summary>action (<code>enum[string]</code>)</summary>
        <table><tbody><tr><th>Name:</th><td>action</td></tr><tr><th>Description:</th><td width="500">The action to execute.</td></tr><tr><th>Required:</th><td>Yes</td></tr><tr><th>Type:</th><td><code>enum[string]</code></td><tr><td colspan="2">
        <details><summary>Values</summary>
            <ul><li><strong><code>force_stop</code>:</strong> FORCE_STOP</li><li><strong><code>reboot</code>:</strong> REBOOT</li><li><strong><code>start</code>:</strong> START</li><li><strong><code>stop</code>:</strong> STOP</li><li><strong><code>terminate</code>:</strong> TERMINATE</li></ul>
        </details>
    </td>
</tr></tbody></table>
        </details><details><summary>aws_access_key_id (<code>string</code>)</summary>
        <table><tbody><tr><th>Name:</th><td>aws_access_public_key</td></tr><tr><th>Description:</th><td width="500">The AWS public key/key id.</td></tr><tr><th>Required:</th><td>Yes</td></tr><tr><th>Type:</th><td><code>string</code></td></tbody></table>
        </details><details><summary>aws_access_private_key (<code>string</code>)</summary>
        <table><tbody><tr><th>Name:</th><td>aws_access_private_key</td></tr><tr><th>Description:</th><td width="500">The AWS private/access key.</td></tr><tr><th>Required:</th><td>Yes</td></tr><tr><th>Type:</th><td><code>string</code></td></tbody></table>
        </details><details><summary>aws_region (<code>string</code>)</summary>
        <table><tbody><tr><th>Name:</th><td>aws_region</td></tr><tr><th>Description:</th><td width="500">The AWS region the instance is in.</td></tr><tr><th>Required:</th><td>Yes</td></tr><tr><th>Type:</th><td><code>string</code></td></tbody></table>
        </details><details><summary>instance_id (<code>string</code>)</summary>
        <table><tbody><tr><th>Name:</th><td>addr</td></tr><tr><th>Description:</th><td width="500">The AWS instance ID.</td></tr><tr><th>Required:</th><td>Yes</td></tr><tr><th>Type:</th><td><code>string</code></td></tbody></table>
        </details><details><summary>wait (<code>bool</code>)</summary>
        <table><tbody><tr><th>Name:</th><td>wait</td></tr><tr><th>Description:</th><td width="500">Whether to wait for it to complete its action.</td></tr><tr><th>Required:</th><td>Yes</td></tr><tr><th>Type:</th><td><code>bool</code></td></tbody></table>
        </details><details><summary>wait_timeout (<code>int</code>)</summary>
        <table><tbody><tr><th>Name:</th><td>wait_timeout</td></tr><tr><th>Description:</th><td width="500">The amount of time in seconds to spend waiting for the desired state.</td></tr><tr><th>Required:</th><td>No</td></tr><tr><th>Default (JSON encoded):</th><td><pre><code>30</code></pre></td></tr><tr><th>Type:</th><td><code>int</code></td>
</tbody></table>
        </details></td></tr>
</tbody></table>
        </details></details></td></tr>
</tbody></table>

### Outputs


#### error

<table><tbody>
<tr><th>Type:</th><td><code>scope</code></td><tr><th>Root object:</th><td>ErrorOutput</td></tr>
<tr><th>Properties</th><td><details><summary>error (<code>string</code>)</summary>
                <table><tbody><tr><th>Name:</th><td>Error</td></tr><tr><th>Description:</th><td width="500">An explanation why the execution failed.</td></tr><tr><th>Required:</th><td>Yes</td></tr><tr><th>Type:</th><td><code>string</code></td></tbody></table>
            </details></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan="2"><details><summary><strong>Objects</strong></summary><details><summary>ErrorOutput (<code>object</code>)</summary>
            <table><tbody><tr><th>Type:</th><td><code>object</code></td><tr><th>Properties</th><td><details><summary>error (<code>string</code>)</summary>
        <table><tbody><tr><th>Name:</th><td>Error</td></tr><tr><th>Description:</th><td width="500">An explanation why the execution failed.</td></tr><tr><th>Required:</th><td>Yes</td></tr><tr><th>Type:</th><td><code>string</code></td></tbody></table>
        </details></td></tr>
</tbody></table>
        </details></details></td></tr>
</tbody></table>

#### success

<table><tbody>
<tr><th>Type:</th><td><code>scope</code></td><tr><th>Root object:</th><td>SuccessOutput</td></tr>
<tr><th>Properties</th><td><details><summary>final_power_state_on (<code>bool</code>)</summary>
                <table><tbody><tr><th>Required:</th><td>Yes</td></tr><tr><th>Type:</th><td><code>bool</code></td></tbody></table>
            </details><details><summary>ms_duration (<code>int</code>)</summary>
                <table><tbody><tr><th>Required:</th><td>Yes</td></tr><tr><th>Type:</th><td><code>int</code></td>
</tbody></table>
            </details></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan="2"><details><summary><strong>Objects</strong></summary><details><summary>SuccessOutput (<code>object</code>)</summary>
            <table><tbody><tr><th>Type:</th><td><code>object</code></td><tr><th>Properties</th><td><details><summary>final_power_state_on (<code>bool</code>)</summary>
        <table><tbody><tr><th>Required:</th><td>Yes</td></tr><tr><th>Type:</th><td><code>bool</code></td></tbody></table>
        </details><details><summary>ms_duration (<code>int</code>)</summary>
        <table><tbody><tr><th>Required:</th><td>Yes</td></tr><tr><th>Type:</th><td><code>int</code></td>
</tbody></table>
        </details></td></tr>
</tbody></table>
        </details></details></td></tr>
</tbody></table>
<!-- End of autogenerated documentation -->

Commit message:

Create not supported warning in README.md
Signed-off-by: Jared O'Connell <46976761+jaredoconnell@users.noreply.github.com>

README.md, after:

# Python Plugin AWS EC2 Plugin

> [!WARNING]
Plugin is not supported. Arcaflow does not have a graceful way of handling secret credentials at the time of this update.
If a use case for this plugin arises, please post about it in [Arcalot's discussion tab](https://github.com/orgs/arcalot/discussions) for us to consider un-archiving the plugin.

**BE CAREFUL WITH AWS CREDENTIALS**

This is a simple plugin that allows you to input your EC2 instance ID, the power action you want to do, and your AWS creds, to control the EC2 instance.

The valid actions are:
- stop
- force_stop
- start
- reboot
- terminate

Examples are in the `input` folder.

### Unit Tests

After installing the poetry dependencies, run all unit tests via:
```bash
# Run all unit tests
python -m unittest tests.test_ec2_plugin
```

### Image Building

You can change this plugin's image version tag in
`.github/workflows/carpenter.yaml` by editing the
`IMAGE_TAG` variable, and pushing that change to the
branch designated in that workflow.

# Autogenerated Input/Output Documentation by Arcaflow-Docsgen Below

<!-- Autogenerated documentation by arcaflow-docsgen -->
## Run AWs ec2 action (`aws-ec2-action`)

Runs AWS EC2 actions

### Input

<table><tbody>
<tr><th>Type:</th><td><code>scope</code></td><tr><th>Root object:</th><td>NodeActionParams</td></tr>
<tr><th>Properties</th><td><details><summary>action (<code>enum[string]</code>)</summary>
                <table><tbody><tr><th>Name:</th><td>action</td></tr><tr><th>Description:</th><td width="500">The action to execute.</td></tr><tr><th>Required:</th><td>Yes</td></tr><tr><th>Type:</th><td><code>enum[string]</code></td><tr><td colspan="2">
        <details><summary>Values</summary>
            <ul><li><strong><code>force_stop</code>:</strong> FORCE_STOP</li><li><strong><code>reboot</code>:</strong> REBOOT</li><li><strong><code>start</code>:</strong> START</li><li><strong><code>stop</code>:</strong> STOP</li><li><strong><code>terminate</code>:</strong> TERMINATE</li></ul>
        </details>
    </td>
</tr></tbody></table>
            </details><details><summary>aws_access_key_id (<code>string</code>)</summary>
                <table><tbody><tr><th>Name:</th><td>aws_access_public_key</td></tr><tr><th>Description:</th><td width="500">The AWS public key/key id.</td></tr><tr><th>Required:</th><td>Yes</td></tr><tr><th>Type:</th><td><code>string</code></td></tbody></table>
            </details><details><summary>aws_access_private_key (<code>string</code>)</summary>
                <table><tbody><tr><th>Name:</th><td>aws_access_private_key</td></tr><tr><th>Description:</th><td width="500">The AWS private/access key.</td></tr><tr><th>Required:</th><td>Yes</td></tr><tr><th>Type:</th><td><code>string</code></td></tbody></table>
            </details><details><summary>aws_region (<code>string</code>)</summary>
                <table><tbody><tr><th>Name:</th><td>aws_region</td></tr><tr><th>Description:</th><td width="500">The AWS region the instance is in.</td></tr><tr><th>Required:</th><td>Yes</td></tr><tr><th>Type:</th><td><code>string</code></td></tbody></table>
            </details><details><summary>instance_id (<code>string</code>)</summary>
                <table><tbody><tr><th>Name:</th><td>addr</td></tr><tr><th>Description:</th><td width="500">The AWS instance ID.</td></tr><tr><th>Required:</th><td>Yes</td></tr><tr><th>Type:</th><td><code>string</code></td></tbody></table>
            </details><details><summary>wait (<code>bool</code>)</summary>
                <table><tbody><tr><th>Name:</th><td>wait</td></tr><tr><th>Description:</th><td width="500">Whether to wait for it to complete its action.</td></tr><tr><th>Required:</th><td>Yes</td></tr><tr><th>Type:</th><td><code>bool</code></td></tbody></table>
            </details><details><summary>wait_timeout (<code>int</code>)</summary>
                <table><tbody><tr><th>Name:</th><td>wait_timeout</td></tr><tr><th>Description:</th><td width="500">The amount of time in seconds to spend waiting for the desired state.</td></tr><tr><th>Required:</th><td>No</td></tr><tr><th>Default (JSON encoded):</th><td><pre><code>30</code></pre></td></tr><tr><th>Type:</th><td><code>int</code></td>
</tbody></table>
            </details></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan="2"><details><summary><strong>Objects</strong></summary><details><summary>NodeActionParams (<code>object</code>)</summary>
            <table><tbody><tr><th>Type:</th><td><code>object</code></td><tr><th>Properties</th><td><details><summary>action (<code>enum[string]</code>)</summary>
        <table><tbody><tr><th>Name:</th><td>action</td></tr><tr><th>Description:</th><td width="500">The action to execute.</td></tr><tr><th>Required:</th><td>Yes</td></tr><tr><th>Type:</th><td><code>enum[string]</code></td><tr><td colspan="2">
        <details><summary>Values</summary>
            <ul><li><strong><code>force_stop</code>:</strong> FORCE_STOP</li><li><strong><code>reboot</code>:</strong> REBOOT</li><li><strong><code>start</code>:</strong> START</li><li><strong><code>stop</code>:</strong> STOP</li><li><strong><code>terminate</code>:</strong> TERMINATE</li></ul>
        </details>
    </td>
</tr></tbody></table>
        </details><details><summary>aws_access_key_id (<code>string</code>)</summary>
        <table><tbody><tr><th>Name:</th><td>aws_access_public_key</td></tr><tr><th>Description:</th><td width="500">The AWS public key/key id.</td></tr><tr><th>Required:</th><td>Yes</td></tr><tr><th>Type:</th><td><code>string</code></td></tbody></table>
        </details><details><summary>aws_access_private_key (<code>string</code>)</summary>
        <table><tbody><tr><th>Name:</th><td>aws_access_private_key</td></tr><tr><th>Description:</th><td width="500">The AWS private/access key.</td></tr><tr><th>Required:</th><td>Yes</td></tr><tr><th>Type:</th><td><code>string</code></td></tbody></table>
        </details><details><summary>aws_region (<code>string</code>)</summary>
        <table><tbody><tr><th>Name:</th><td>aws_region</td></tr><tr><th>Description:</th><td width="500">The AWS region the instance is in.</td></tr><tr><th>Required:</th><td>Yes</td></tr><tr><th>Type:</th><td><code>string</code></td></tbody></table>
        </details><details><summary>instance_id (<code>string</code>)</summary>
        <table><tbody><tr><th>Name:</th><td>addr</td></tr><tr><th>Description:</th><td width="500">The AWS instance ID.</td></tr><tr><th>Required:</th><td>Yes</td></tr><tr><th>Type:</th><td><code>string</code></td></tbody></table>
        </details><details><summary>wait (<code>bool</code>)</summary>
        <table><tbody><tr><th>Name:</th><td>wait</td></tr><tr><th>Description:</th><td width="500">Whether to wait for it to complete its action.</td></tr><tr><th>Required:</th><td>Yes</td></tr><tr><th>Type:</th><td><code>bool</code></td></tbody></table>
        </details><details><summary>wait_timeout (<code>int</code>)</summary>
        <table><tbody><tr><th>Name:</th><td>wait_timeout</td></tr><tr><th>Description:</th><td width="500">The amount of time in seconds to spend waiting for the desired state.</td></tr><tr><th>Required:</th><td>No</td></tr><tr><th>Default (JSON encoded):</th><td><pre><code>30</code></pre></td></tr><tr><th>Type:</th><td><code>int</code></td>
</tbody></table>
        </details></td></tr>
</tbody></table>
        </details></details></td></tr>
</tbody></table>

### Outputs


#### error

<table><tbody>
<tr><th>Type:</th><td><code>scope</code></td><tr><th>Root object:</th><td>ErrorOutput</td></tr>
<tr><th>Properties</th><td><details><summary>error (<code>string</code>)</summary>
                <table><tbody><tr><th>Name:</th><td>Error</td></tr><tr><th>Description:</th><td width="500">An explanation why the execution failed.</td></tr><tr><th>Required:</th><td>Yes</td></tr><tr><th>Type:</th><td><code>string</code></td></tbody></table>
            </details></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan="2"><details><summary><strong>Objects</strong></summary><details><summary>ErrorOutput (<code>object</code>)</summary>
            <table><tbody><tr><th>Type:</th><td><code>object</code></td><tr><th>Properties</th><td><details><summary>error (<code>string</code>)</summary>
        <table><tbody><tr><th>Name:</th><td>Error</td></tr><tr><th>Description:</th><td width="500">An explanation why the execution failed.</td></tr><tr><th>Required:</th><td>Yes</td></tr><tr><th>Type:</th><td><code>string</code></td></tbody></table>
        </details></td></tr>
</tbody></table>
        </details></details></td></tr>
</tbody></table>

#### success

<table><tbody>
<tr><th>Type:</th><td><code>scope</code></td><tr><th>Root object:</th><td>SuccessOutput</td></tr>
<tr><th>Properties</th><td><details><summary>final_power_state_on (<code>bool</code>)</summary>
                <table><tbody><tr><th>Required:</th><td>Yes</td></tr><tr><th>Type:</th><td><code>bool</code></td></tbody></table>
            </details><details><summary>ms_duration (<code>int</code>)</summary>
                <table><tbody><tr><th>Required:</th><td>Yes</td></tr><tr><th>Type:</th><td><code>int</code></td>
</tbody></table>
            </details></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan="2"><details><summary><strong>Objects</strong></summary><details><summary>SuccessOutput (<code>object</code>)</summary>
            <table><tbody><tr><th>Type:</th><td><code>object</code></td><tr><th>Properties</th><td><details><summary>final_power_state_on (<code>bool</code>)</summary>
        <table><tbody><tr><th>Required:</th><td>Yes</td></tr><tr><th>Type:</th><td><code>bool</code></td></tbody></table>
        </details><details><summary>ms_duration (<code>int</code>)</summary>
        <table><tbody><tr><th>Required:</th><td>Yes</td></tr><tr><th>Type:</th><td><code>int</code></td>
</tbody></table>
        </details></td></tr>
</tbody></table>
        </details></details></td></tr>
</tbody></table>
<!-- End of autogenerated documentation -->
